
Welcome to City University of Hong Kong (CityU). We are a dynamic university uniquely located right at the heart of Asia's World City where East meets West. Our goals are to pursue excellence, promote innovation and nurture creativity for our society and the world. Our vision is to be a leading university for professional education in Asia, committed to the cross-fertilisation and mutual enrichment of different cultures and intellectual traditions for human betterment.

Established as a University in 1994, CityU now has four Colleges and three Schools: College of Business, College of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences, College of Science and Engineering, College of Veterinary Medicine and Life Sciences, School of Creative Media, School of Energy and Environment and School of Law. College of Veterinary Medicine and Life Sciences has launched Hong Kong’s first-ever Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine programme which will commence in the 2017–18 academic year, in partnership with Cornell University, the top-ranked veterinary school in the world. Our curricula are designed to promote knowledge creation, original discoveries and innovative thinking by integrating learning and research at all levels of our professional education.

Our Strategic Plan 2015–2020, Making a Difference through Excellence in Research and Professional Education, which was endorsed by the University Council in April 2015, is a continuation of the successful path, and an extension of the high-level aspirations, defined in our Strategic Plan 2010–2015. It establishes a set of action plans around five strategic themes that further elevate the academic excellence, international standing, and societal contribution of CityU as a leading global university renowned for problem-based research and professional education.

As a modern, international university, we emphasise diversity, intercultural learning and global vision. Our distinguished faculty members are recruited from all over the world, including Hong Kong, North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. We have established an excellent international network for academic collaborations: we have developed global agreements with about 350 prestigious institutions from 40 countries/jurisdictions. Our graduates become leading professionals who are open to new ideas, adaptable, and thoughtful contributors to society.

We are delighted to see that CityU has performed strongly in international rankings. According to the QS rankings in 2017–18, CityU is ranked 49th in the world, 8th in Asia, and 4th among the world's top 50 universities under 50 years of age.

I invite you to explore our website for a virtual tour, or visit us in person. You will be impressed by the harmony of our ancient Chinese garden and the modern artistic architecture of our dynamic university.

Way Kuo 
President and University Distinguished Professor 

October, 2017

